c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\NewHomeAffairs.dll.config
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\NewHomeAffairs.dll
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\NewHomeAffairs.pdb
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\obj\Debug\NewHomeAffairs.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\obj\Debug\NewHomeAffairs.dll
c:\users\polite.kubayi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HomeAffairs\NewHomeAffairs\obj\Debug\NewHomeAffairs.pdb
